Wow. Thank you. That's a lot of people, Phoenix, that's a lot of people.

Thank you very much.

Thank you, Phoenix. I am so glad to be back in Arizona.

The state that has a very, very special place in my heart. I love people of Arizona and together we are going to win the White House in November.

Now, you know this is where it all began for me. Remember that massive crowd also. So, I said let's go and have some fun tonight. We're going to Arizona, OK?

This will be a little bit different. This won't be a rally speech, per se. Instead, I'm going to deliver a detailed policy address on one of the greatest challenges facing our country today, illegal immigration.

I've just landed having returned from a very important and special meeting with the President of Mexico, a man I like and respect very much. And a man who truly loves his country, Mexico.

And, by the way, just like I am a man who loves my country, the United States.

We agree on the importance of ending the illegal flow of drugs, cash, guns, and people across our border, and to put the cartels out of business.

We also discussed the great contributions of Mexican-American citizens to our two countries, my love for the people of Mexico, and the leadership and friendship between Mexico and the United States. It was a thoughtful and substantive conversation and it will go on for awhile. And, in the end we're all going to win. Both countries, we're all going to win.
 

This is the first of what I expect will be many, many conversations. And, in a Trump administration we're going to go about creating a new relationship between our two countries, but it's going to be a fair relationship. We want fairness.

But to fix our immigration system, we must change our leadership in Washington and we must change it quickly.

Sadly, sadly there is no other way. The truth is our immigration system is worse than anybody ever realized. But the facts aren't known because the media won't report on them. The politicians won't talk about them and the special interests spend a lot of money trying to cover them up because they are making an absolute fortune. That's the way it is.

Today, on a very complicated and very difficult subject, you will get the truth. The fundamental problem with the immigration system in our country is that it serves the needs of wealthy donors, political activists and powerful, powerful politicians. It's all you can do. Thank you. Thank you.

Let me tell you who it does not serve. It does not serve you the American people. Doesn't serve you. When politicians talk about immigration reform, they usually mean the following, amnesty, open borders, lower wages. Immigration reform should mean something else entirely. It should mean improvements to our laws and policies to make life better for American citizens.

Thank you. But if we're going to make our immigration system work, then we have to be prepared to talk honestly and without fear about these important and very sensitive issues. For instance, we have to listen to the concerns that working people, our forgotten working people, have over the record pace of immigration and it's impact on their jobs, wages, housing, schools, tax bills and general living conditions.

These are valid concerns expressed by decent and patriotic citizens from all backgrounds, all over. We also have to be honest about the fact that not everyone who seeks to join our country will be able to successfully assimilate. Sometimes it's just not going to work out. It's our right, as a sovereign nation to chose immigrants that we think are the likeliest to thrive and flourish and love us.

Then there is the issue of security. Countless innocent American lives have been stolen because our politicians have failed in their duty to secure our borders and enforce our laws like they have to be enforced. I have met with many of the great parents who lost their children to sanctuary cities and open borders. So many people, so many, many people. So sad. They will be joining me on this stage in a little while and I look forward to introducing, these are amazing, amazing people.

Countless Americans who have died in recent years would be alive today if not for the open border policies of this administration and the administration that causes this horrible, horrible thought process, called Hillary Clinton.

This includes incredible Americans like 21 year old Sarah Root. The man who killed her arrived at the border, entered Federal custody and then was released into the U.S., think of it, into the U.S. community under the policies of the White House Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. Weak, weak policies. Weak and foolish policies.

He was released again after the crime, and now he's out there at large. Sarah had graduated from college with a 4.0, top student in her class one day before her death.

Also among the victims of the Obama-Clinton open borders policy was Grant Ronnebeck, a 21-year-old convenience store clerk and a really good guy from Mesa, Arizona. A lot of you have known about Grant. 

He was murdered by an illegal immigrant gang member previously convicted of burglary, who had also been released from federal custody, and they knew it was going to happen again.

Another victim is Kate Steinle. Gunned down in the sanctuary city of San Francisco, by an illegal immigrant, deported five previous times. And they knew he was no good.

Then there is the case of 90-year-old Earl Olander, who was brutally beaten and left to bleed to death in his home, 90 years old and defenseless. The perpetrators were illegal immigrants with criminal records a mile long, who did not meet Obama administration standards for removal. And they knew it was going to happen.

In California, a 64-year-old Air Force veteran, a great woman, according to everybody that knew her, Marilyn Pharis, was sexually assaulted and beaten to death with a hammer. Her killer had been arrested on multiple occasions but was never, ever deported, despite the fact that everybody wanted him out.

A 2011 report from the Government Accountability Office found that illegal immigrants and other non-citizens, in our prisons and jails together, had around 25,000 homicide arrests to their names, 25,000.

On top of that, illegal immigration costs our country more than $113 billion dollars a year.

And this is what we get. For the money we are going to spend on illegal immigration over the next 10 years, we could provide 1 million at-risk students with a school voucher, which so many people are wanting.

While there are many illegal immigrants in our country who are good people, many, many, this doesn't change the fact that most illegal immigrants are lower skilled workers with less education, who compete directly against vulnerable American workers, and that these illegal workers draw much more out from the system than they can ever possibly pay back.

And they're hurting a lot of our people that cannot get jobs under any circumstances.

But these facts are never reported. Instead, the media and my opponent discuss one thing and only one thing, the needs of people living here illegally. In many cases, by the way, they're treated better than our vets.

Not going to happen anymore, folks. November 8th. Not going to happen anymore.

The truth is, the central issue is not the needs of the 11 million illegal immigrants or however many there may be -- and honestly we've been hearing that number for years. It's always 11 million.

Our government has no idea. It could be 3 million. It could be 30 million. They have no idea what the number is.

Frankly our government has no idea what they're doing on many, many fronts, folks.

But whatever the number, that's never really been the central issue. It will never be a central issue. It doesn't matter from that standpoint. Anyone who tells you that the core issue is the needs of those living here illegally has simply spent too much time in Washington.

Only the out of touch media elites think the biggest problems facing America -- you know this, this is what they talk about, facing American society today is that there are 11 million illegal immigrants who don't have legal status. And, they also think the biggest thing, and you know this, it's not nuclear, and it's not ISIS, it's not Russia, it's not China, it's global warming.

To all the politicians, donors, and special interests, hear these words from me and all of you today. There is only one core issue in the immigration debate, and that issue is the well being of the American people.

Nothing even comes a close second. Hillary Clinton, for instance, talks constantly about her fears that families will be separated, but she's not talking about the American families who have been permanently separated from their loved ones because of a preventable homicide, because of a preventable death, because of murder.

No, she's only talking about families who come here in violation of the law. We will treat everyone living or residing in our country with great dignity. So important.

We will be fair, just, and compassionate to all, but our greatest compassion must be for our American citizens.

Thank you.

President Obama and Hillary Clinton have engaged in gross dereliction of duty by surrendering the safety of the American people to open borders, and you know it better than anybody right here in Arizona. You know it.

President Obama and Hillary Clinton support sanctuary cities. They support catch and release on the border. they support visa overstays. They support the release of dangerous, dangerous, dangerous, criminals from detention. And, they support unconstitutional executive amnesty.

Hillary Clinton has pledged amnesty in her first 100 days, and her plan will provide Obamacare, Social Security, and Medicare for illegal immigrants, breaking the federal budget.

On top of that she promises uncontrolled, low-skilled immigration that continues to reduce jobs and wages for American workers, and especially for African-American and Hispanic workers within our country. Our citizens.

Most incredibly, because to me this is unbelievable, we have no idea who these people are, where they come from. I always say Trojan Horse. Watch what's going to happen, folks. It's not going to be pretty.

This includes her plan to bring in 620,000 new refugees from Syria and that region over a short period of time. And even yesterday, when you were watching the news, you saw thousands and thousands of people coming in from Syria. What is wrong with our politicians, our leaders if we can call them that. What the hell are we doing?

Hard to believe. Hard to believe. Now that you've heard about Hillary Clinton's plan, about which she has not answered a single question, let me tell you about my plan. And do you notice --

And do you notice all the time for weeks and weeks of debating my plan, debating, talking about it, what about this, what about that. They never even mentioned her plan on immigration because she doesn't want to get into the quagmire. It's a tough one, she doesn't know what she's doing except open borders and let everybody come in and destroy our country by the way.

While Hillary Clinton meets only with donors and lobbyists, my plan was crafted with the input from Federal Immigration offices, very great people. Among the top immigration experts anywhere in this country, who represent workers, not corporations, very important to us.

I also worked with lawmakers, who've led on this issue on behalf of American citizens for many years. And most importantly I've met with the people directly impacted by these policies. So important.
I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created
I tell you that Obama is going to be out playing golf
he might even be on one of my courses i would invite him I actually would say i
have the best courses in the world so I'd say you know what if you want to see
i have one right next to the white house right on the Potomac if you'd like to
play that's fine fact I'd love them to leave early and play that would be a
very good thing
hey I'm not saying they're stupid
I like China i just sold an apartment for 5 million dollars to somebody from China
am I supposed to dislike our president doesn't have a clue
he's a bad negotiator he's the one that did Bergdahl we get a no good trader and
they get the five people that they wanted for years and those people are
now back on the battlefield trying to kill us but I speak to border guards and
they tell us what we're getting
and it only makes common sense it only makes common sense
they're sending us not the right people it's coming from more than mexico
it's coming from all over south and latin america and it's coming
probably probably from the Middle East but we don't know because we have no
protection Islamic terrorism is eating up large portions of the Middle East
they become rich
I'm in competition with them they just built a hotel in Syria can you believe this
they built a hotel we have losers
we have losers we have people that don't have it we have people that are morally corrupt
we have people that are selling this country down the drain
I'm really rich I'll show you that in a second
i have a total net worth and now with the increase it will be well over ten
billion dollars but here
a total net worth of eight billion net worth not assets not liability a net worth
I'm not doing that to brag because you know what I'm not the break I don't have
to believe it or not i think i am a nice person people that know me like me yeah
And it’s working. 
Thank you Al. Wow. That was good. Mm. This is a helluva dinner. Well I want to thank Your Eminence. This is really great to be with you again. Beloved Governor Cuomo, our great senators. Hi Chuck. He used to love me when I was a Democrat you know.

Mayor de Blasio. Wherever you are. Where’s Mayor de Blasio? See in the old days I would have know him very well but I haven’t doing so much of the real estate any (ph).
And I want to thank Al and Ann Smith, just a fantastic job you do with the dinner. Congratulations on a record – over $6 million, right? He’s got a record.

And a special hello to all of you in this room who have known and loved me for many, many years. It’s true.
The politicians. They’ve had me to their homes, they’ve introduced me to their children, I’ve become their best friends in many instances. They’ve asked for my endorsement and they always wanted my money. And even called me really a dear, dear friend. But then suddenly, decided when I ran for president as a Republican, that I’ve always been a no-good, rotten, disgusting scoundrel. And they totally forgot about me.
But that’s OK. You know, they say when you do this kind of an event you always start out with a self-deprecating joke. Some people think this would be tough for me, but the truth is …

It’s true — the truth is I’m actually a modest person. Very modest. It’s true. In fact many people tell me that modesty is perhaps my best quality.

Even better than my temperament.

You know Cardinal Dolan and I have some things in common. For instance, we both run impressive properties on Fifth Avenue. Of course his is much more impressive than mine. That’s because I built mine with my own beautifully formed hands.

While his was built with the hands of God, and nobody can compete with God. Is that correct? Nobody. Right?

That’s right. No contest.
It’s great to be here with a thousand wonderful people, or, as I call it, a small intimate dinner with some friends. Or as Hillary calls it, her largest crowd of the season.

Ahh, this stuff. This is corny stuff. I do recognize that I come into this event with a little bit of an advantage. I know that so many of you in the archdiocese already have a place in your heart for a guy who started out as a carpenter working for his father. I was a carpenter working for mine.

True. Not for a long period of time but I was. For about three weeks. What’s great about the Al Smith Dinner is that even in the rough and tumble world of a really, really hard-fought campaign – in fact I don’t know if you know Hillary but last night they said, “That was the most vicious debate in the history of politics, presidential debate. The most vicious.”
And I don’t know – are we supposed to be proud of that or where are we supposed to be on that one. But they did say that and I’m trying to think back to Lincoln. I don’t think we can compete with that. But the candidates have some light-hearted moments together, which is true. I have no doubt that Hillary is going to laugh quite a bit tonight, sometimes even at appropriate moments.

And even tonight, with all of the heated back and forth, between my opponent and me at the debate last night, we have proven that we can actually be civil to each other. In fact, just before taking the dais, Hillary accidentally bumped into me and she very civilly said, “Pardon me.”

And I very politely replied, “Let me talk to you about that after I get into office.”

Just kidding, just kidding. And Hillary was very gracious. She said if somehow she gets elected she wants me to be, without question, either her ambassador to Iraq or to Afghanistan. It’s my choice.

But one of the things I noticed tonight – and I’ve known Hillary for a long time – this is the first time ever, ever, that Hillary is sitting down and speaking to major corporate leaders and not getting paid for it. 
It’s true. It’s true.
You know, last night, I called Hillary a “nasty woman,” but this stuff is all relative. After listening to Hillary rattle on and on and on, I don’t think so badly of Rosie O’Donnell anymore.

In fact, I’m actually starting to like Rosie a lot.

These events give not only the candidates a chance to be with each other in a very social setting; it also allows the candidates the opportunity to meet the other candidate’s team — good team.
I know Hillary met my campaign manager, and I got the chance to meet the people who are working so hard to get her elected. There they are — the heads of NBC, CNN, CBS, ABC — there’s the New York Times, right over there, and the Washington Post.

They’re working overtime. True. True.

Oh, this one’s going to get me in trouble.

Not with Hillary. You know, the president told me to stop whining, but I really have to say, the media is even more biased this year than ever before — ever. You want the proof? Michelle Obama gives a speech and everyone loves it — it’s fantastic. They think she’s absolutely great. My wife, Melania, gives the exact same speech —

— and people get on her case.

And I don’t get it. I don’t know why.

And it wasn’t her fault. Stand up, Melania. Come on. She took a lot of abuse.

Oh, I’m in trouble when I go home tonight. I’m — she didn’t know about that one. Am I okay? Is it okay?
Cardinal, please speak to her.

I’d like to address an important religious matter: the issue of going to confession. Or, as Hillary calls it, the Fourth of July weekend with FBI Director Comey.

Now, I’m told Hillary went to confession before tonight’s event, but the priest was having a hard time, when he asked about her sins, and she said she couldn’t remember 39 times.

Hillary is so corrupt, she got kicked off the Watergate Commission.
How corrupt do you have to be to get kicked off the Watergate Commission? Pretty corrupt. Hillary is, and has been, in politics since the 70s. What’s her pitch? The economy is busted? The government’s corrupt? Washington is failing? “Vote for me. I’ve been working on these problems for 30 years. I can fix it”, she says.
I wasn’t really sure if Hillary was going to be here tonight, because I guess you didn’t send her invitation by email. Or, maybe, you did and she just found out about it through the wonder of WikiLeaks.

We’ve learned so much from WikiLeaks. For example, Hillary believes that it’s vital to deceive the people by having one public policy —
— and a totally different policy in private. That’s okay. I don’t know who they’re angry at Hillary, you or I. For example, here she is tonight, in public, pretending not to hate Catholics.
Now some of you haven’t noticed, Hillary isn’t laughing as much as the rest of us. That’s because she knows the jokes. And all of the jokes were given to her in advance of the dinner by Donna Brazile. Which is – everyone knows, of course, Hillary’s belief that it takes a village, which only makes sense after all in places like Haiti, where she’s taken a number of them.

Thank you. I don’t know – and I don’t want this evening without saying something nice about my opponent. Hillary has been in Washington a long time. She knows a lot about how government works. And according to her sworn testimony Hillary has forgotten more things than most of us will ever, ever, ever know. That I can tell you.

We’re having some fun here tonight and that’s good.
On a personal note, what an amazing honor it is to be with all of you. And I want to congratulate Hillary on getting the nomination and we’re in there fighting and over the next 19 days somebody’s going to be chosen. We’ll see what happens. But I have great memories of coming to this dinner with my father over the years when I was a young man. Great experience for me.
This was always a special experience for him and me to be together. One thing we can all agree on is the need to support the great work that comes out of the dinner. Millions of dollars have been raised to support disadvantaged children, and I applaud the many people who have worked to make this wonderful event a critical lifeline for children in need.

And that we together broke the all-time record tonight is really something special. More than $6 million net, net, net, net. The cardinal told me that’s net net, Donald, remember. We can also agree on the need to stand up to anti-Catholic bias, to defend religious liberty and to create a culture that celebrates life. America is in many ways divided …

Thank you. America is in many ways divided like it’s never been before. And the great religious leaders here tonight give us all an example that we can follow. We’re living in a time, an age that we never thought possible before. The vicious barbarism we read about in history books, but never thought we’d see it in our so-called modern- day world. Who would have thought we would be witnessing what we’re witnessing today.
We’ve got to be very strong, very, very smart, and we’ve got to come together not only as a nation, but as a world community. Thank you very much, God bless you and God bless America. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you very much.
nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nastwoman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nast
woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman nasty woman 

wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong 

bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres bad hombres 







